Hi there, welcome to Pluralsight.
Tim Warner here welcoming you to the final module in this course,
Windows 10 MTA Certification Overview.
I have three learning objectives for you in this module.
First, what exactly is the MTA certification,
and how does it fit into Microsoft's IT Pro Certification portfolio?
We'll then look at exam 98-349 in more detail.
We didn't talk about the exam too much over the course of this course,
and that's by design, quite honestly,
because I wanted you to focus on the underlying skills.
But know that everything that I added to the course is
directly on that exam blueprint.
We'll finish with where to go next with your career.
Let's say that you completed this training,
you passed the 98-349 exam, you're an MTA,
what are some possible next steps in the development of your career? Let's get started.